The Defold Story
================

// Problem

Why are games so hard to make?

Three years ago we wanted to make our own games, low-scale and simple productions.
We come from a background of making big-budget AAA titles and scanned the field for suitable engines to use.
As none of the options conformed to our standards of what game development should be like, we decided to make our own.
Like most programmers, we thought we could do this and better than anything else on the market in almost no time at all.
We thought a couple of months would be enough. It took three years to get to an alpha stage. :-)

// Mission

We wanted to create a game development environment with a professional workflow, but still simple to use.
We wanted to create a small, fast and agile (_buzzword alert_) game engine.
We wanted to make simple tools that can be used to create complex things.
An engine without any hacks or quick-fixes.
Where collaboration is built into the core.
No IT-department or IT-guru required. :-)

Who cares about performance anymore?
We do.
We think that performance in tools boosts creativity.
We think that performance in games can be a success-factor.
With battery-life in the calculation, we think performance is as important as ever.
No game should ever hitch.
No software should ever crash.
These are two of our top priorities.

// Implementation

As we progressed on this quest we started to realize that this might be a platform that more game developers want to use.
Our platform started to shape up and almost become a living thing, dictating what we should be working on and what it needed to be complete.
So we put all of our own game ideas on the shelf and focused on making Defold shine as a platform for game development, whatever game it might be.

// Motivation

In light of all of this, we have tried to make the engine as light-weight as possible.
There should be no such thing as a "player" or an "enemy" game object in a game engine.
Those are complex things that should be built from simple parts.
We do not provide built-in shadows.
Shadows can be created with simple tools in the engine.
The complete graphics-pipe is scripted.
With that kind of power you can create stuff that we never could have thought of, nor do you have to wait for a release date when such features would become available.
We hope to create a community for game developers where we all contribute and share these ideas.

// Disclaimer/future

Our current focus is 2D.
We love 2D-gaming and are really happy to see it have another peak, thanks to tablets and smart phones.
With such massive advances in 3D-engines over the years, we thought 2D engines would have kept up.
In Defold, 2D is a first-class citizen and a neighbour of 3D.
Nothing in the tools or engine is restricted to 2D, but that is where our current focus is.
We know that 2D-games require special tools for physics authoring, tile editing, etc.
As soon as we have a good foundation for 2D, we'll add support for 3D-related tools later on.
Almost everything in Defold is 3D anyway, it just doesn't seem like it. :-)

// Goodbye

We hope you can find Defold as useful as we want it to be.
We have lots of ideas yet to be implemented.
We'd love to involve you as much as possible in the decisions of what needs to be done when, so please use our feedback-tab to the left.
We are eager to hear what you have to say, positive or negative.

/the Defold-team